---
layout: post
title: "Workouts for the Week of Jan 27 - Feb 2"
date: 2014-01-28 15:30:21 -0500
comments: true
categories: [training]
published: false
---
Just a quick note that I've gotten tired of tracking my workouts on other sites. I'm just going to start keeping my own records here.

### Monday

goal: let's see how my speed legs feel.

  * 1 mile warm up (7:30)
  * 4 x 2 laps hard, 1 lap recover
  * .5 mile cool down on the treadmill
  * 2000 meter row in 8:57
  * 10 minute core - 2 sets of 2 x 20 sec flutter kicks, hands to shins jack-knifes, dead bugs, single-leg plank (30 sec / side), side planks

results: I really wore down after that 4th set. I was hoping to run 8, but I found the recovery lap was insufficient. I really need to work on rebuilding my endurance.

### Tuesday

goal: general strength training

  * 10 minutes on the stationary bike
  * 3 sets of 8 back squats (135, 155, 155), 10 x 20lb wall balls
  * 3 sets of 8 24" box jumps
  * 2 sets of 8 kb swings (40lb), 10 single-leg bent over row

results: I feel pretty good about this one. Got some pointers on my squat form - I need to open my chest more when coming up and try to keep all the weight on my heels.

### Wednesday

Unexpected rest day. I was actually thankful for it because my legs were pretty sore from the weight workout the day before.

### Thursday

goal: get back in the pool.

  * 200 yd warm up
  * 100 yd drills - single arm drill, glide drills
  * 200 yd
  * 100 yd drills
  * 200 yd 
  * 50 yd back-stroke

results: I'm not a big fan of swimming, so it helps to break it up into segments like this. I got kicked out early, but the swim itself felt pretty good.

### Friday

goal: a little fast running

  * 3 miles in 22:30. This was a progressive run on the treadmill.  
  * 4 sets of pull-ups (8, 6, 5, 4), 10 burpees, 1 lap.
  * cool down with a couple sets of large rope exercises - this really helps with grip strength as well as shoulders

### Saturday

goal: general outside run

Went to the gym with Ashley and ran 5.5 miles outside while she did 30 minutes on the elliptical and some light weights.

results: felt nice to be outside. My endurance is crap right now.

### Sunday

45 minutes easy on the trainer



